shutdown of the federal government hours away is Washington a lot of American families are about to pay the price tonight is there any chance
major part of Obamacare kicks and Williams have to sign up because they're still confusion tonight take your questions to the woman in charge
NBC News exclusive the story behind the unforgettable image from the mall in Kenya young girl for family trapped in the man who came to rescue
call of the wild the spectacular event draws family cross the country is this your show about to be cancelled Nightly News
New York NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams
living it pierced
clean out the bar in a big last minute change large portions of the federal government shutdown tonight at midnight Eastern Time the first time in 17 years
the simplest way to put it is this the Republican controlled houses passing bills the Democratic control center keeps rejecting the bills would keep the
operating while stopping aspects of the new healthcare law and that's where we are life pictures tonight show both ends of the stroma in Washington
this is in the hands of Congress which now enjoys a 10 percent approval rating from the American people in latest polls this will be a long night
can a lot of government services appear poised to go away at least temporarily is where we begin tonight with NBC Chuck Todd is on the White House lawn Chucky
good evening Brian Eno temperature means that just friends and family at that point for members of Congress act as a vis hour doesn't appear Congress is any closer to getting a deal to find the Government House Republicans are working on a new spending bill what includes more provisions to try to delay parts of the health care law
send them a cross and a president say anything like that is dead on arrival
when is c*** gets 20 the government begins to shut down any of this morning the house and the Senate in Washington speak were in recess
Stihl many members found time to play the blame game
nn essentially holds the American people
Banana Republic in mine says the need to be a John McCain things
the hard ride is demanding a pound of flesh for the actual budget bill how far is passed on Saturday night to keep things going to the middle of December but it also delay the new healthcare law for a year
we are not going to mess around with Obamacare no matter what they say they are they gonna get a life
so when they finally got back to work after lunch today the Senate quickly strip healthcare provisions of the House bill in Senate
the eyes of 54 the news 46
senator see more concerned about out here people said these kinds of things
play today blasting Republicans for trying to defund the healthcare law
one section
loophole today shows Republicans Woodburn Moore blame for shutdown 36 percent with the responsibility of the President 46 percent on Republicans in Washington
did a visitor center area right things to cram in Smithsonian visit
force shutdown remind me personally I blame
both sides
how long to get to the home
it's just partisan politics Dix Hills NY Hilton let you get done let you down no more I get the more you take your heels in
late were this evening Brian the president place call to all the congressional leaders including Speaker Boehner their first conversation in over a week
alright Chuck Todd the White House let's go to the other end of town Kelly O'Donnell what the late of element on Capitol Hill and Kelly all eyes off pan on the moderate Republican summer phone think its a suicide mission to go after a 3 year old settled healthcare law
what brand moderate Republicans maybe the Key here they don't want to see the government shutdown and I don't want to see their own party blame for all the harmful effects
New York Republican Peter King is working with a small group of 90 party Republicans more moderate for trying to vote against their own plan from the House Republicans to stop that attracts
and then try to work with Democrats with another time tonight to keep the government opening it is developing its not done yet but there was clearly move among some moderate Republicans who don't want to see the government shutdown
Ashley Sadie their way its going to be a long night Kelly O'Donnell on the hill forest Kelly think so let's take the story out of Washington where the talking is going on with
what we just saw is already heading home across America after all and could get a lot worse for a lot of families if there is a shutdown over night
NBC's Kevin Tibbles with us tonight from downtown Chicago
Brian tonight does the hour approaches thousands of Americans who work in and out of government are bracing for the consequences of shutdown
Chicago protest the possible shutdown Elizabeth 1 hour
yeah cuz I'm the only one who is the president a right now
she works with you be a mother and grandmother her husband was recently made of cheese frustrated and angry and worried
Congress need to be turned over somebody's knee and spanked real hard because
acting like small children
hold us head home not knowing what tomorrow brings Gary
it's not trust federal workers Navy SEALs superNews near the Statue of Liberty
will there be any businesses on unless number of the tourist
shutdowns most visible facts
blocking are national parks from coast to coast along with the National Zoo museums in the nation's capital shut down will also put federally backed loans for things like small businesses on hold
delay tax audit send refunds and suspend a special Supplemental Nutrition Program for women infants and children difficult for single mother Christina Crowder
what are we to do the fetus services include
essential such as mail delivery traffic control tsa along with tax collection Social Security unemployment food stamps in Passport
one more than $100
the president and members of Congress will still receive them
Cinco they can take that
does Congresspersons up hx1
Elizabeth Lytle need to report to work tomorrow to find out if she'll be sent home AR in the sandbox
and it is there taking Sanden to the American people
address to shut down to cost for tween 40 and 80 million dollars a day and I could hit very close to home for many American families Prime
Kevin Tibbles in Chicago for us tonight Kevin thanks couple of other notes here tonight Wall bickering overall this Washington politicians have not suspended their own effort to raise money to retain their own jobs
both parties have collected almost a billion dollars in the first half of this year according to federal records
tonight they were scheduled to raise even more in a big Gallo for the Republican National Committee in a government building not far from the capital Speaker Boehner was supposed to attend the cancelled instead the GOP turned or former Speaker Newt Gingrich shoe spearheaded the last shutdown we were at the 17 years ago
Democrats have their own big ticket event coming up next week
at the Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco
featuring House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and special guest Michelle Obama
millions of Americans with money in the stock market up and the price for this project fight stocks sign today on wallstreet here in New York
worried about the effects of a possible government shutdown all three major indexes down today The Dalles of more than 128
now the other big story of the day the other big deadline at midnight the new healthcare law the center of the showdown in Congress a big part of outlaw war start to take effect tomorrow when people without health insurance can sign up to buy coverage
what are new poll with the Kaiser Family Foundation show 70 percent say they are very or somewhat worried I'll have to pay more for their healthcare or health insurance and 62 percent of those without insurance say they are confused about this new law
are cheap medical editor Dr Nancy snyderman's side down for an exclusive interview with the woman in charge today Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius
with all the run up time to the end of this why the confusion today and white women not more into the anthem
well I think it still isn't real for a lot of people and there is a lot of confusion is it your fault day I think we bear a part of the responsibility of not being able to get through a lot of the noise
what are the big concerns is that as a numbers been taught at they really don't know how things are going to fall in the middle class Mary Lee take it on the chin
middle class I would say depending on where that middle class employee work has been taking on the chin
when the person says this is the cost of your cable bill your cell phone bill that's not quite true
what 6 out of 10 people will have the choice if they choose to make it the choice of a policy for under $100 the back end hurts it's a debate do you want to have
protection for basically every check up every visit everything that you do what do you have
as insulation where you are making a determination where you and your family don't use medical services at much you want to make sure you have protection
is something really goes terribly wrong what is conceivable to you that the number of a 5000 to 6000 dollar deductible for middle class family
is a reasonable feasible number well I think that families can make a budget Royce if that isn't something that clearly they can pay for a lot of people couldn't pay for that out of pocket on a lower deductible what does success look like
566 s looks like Ave at least 7 million people having signed up by the end of March 2014
this is coming tomorrow people without insurance to start signing up to buy it
tomorrow October 1st the benefits and will kick in January 1st
2014 and you will have until March 31st of next year to enroll a lot of people start to walk start looking at healthcare
what God look at the marketplace in your own state and export your options for your own coverage there are a lot of options out there I think people are going to be
little overwhelmed Brian when they start to see what this new market place looks like
what time begin with us 24 hour period Dr Nancy Snyderman thank you for always as the President tried to manage this budget showdown at least his end of it all so mad for several hours today with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu just days after the president's phone call with bronze president
nothing Yahoo push the President to keep pressure on Iran nuclear program in setting an iron remains committed to the destruction of the State of Israel is expected to deliver that very same message tomorrow at the UN here in New York
in Chicago tonight several dozen people are injured or not critically thang
lake after a frightening train crash during the morning rush
two trains collide head-on official site of the trains was in a really hard for repair somehow it roll out of the station no one of the controls was doing about 20 miles an hour when it hits the other train head on
TSP is investigating also tonight the head of one of the largest construction companies in all of Southern California
and his son believed to have been on board in a fatal crash of a twin engine Cessna
hangar at the Santa Monica Airport last night federal investigator on the scene says no problems for before the lease before impact
still head for us on a Monday night in NBCNews exclusive mom and her 5 kids separated
trappin at mall in Kenya rescue captured an unforgettable image tonight their story of how they got out of hand
in later Trading Places big news tonight about two of the most well known brand names in all the world
as promised we're back now with an NBC News exclusive tonight we hear from the American family that was trapped inside the mall in Kenya gunman all around
and that family include a little girl rescued by a stranger tonight they are describing for the first time how it is they were able to make it out of there their story tonight from NBC's Ron Allen in Nairobi
the Walton family is great Ricky stay together
Ruby mall 4 year olds moment captured in this iconic image that Philip was miles away is North Carolina
family live through a night
trap greenhouse to 4 hours terrifying
Catherine the three girls just come down the main escalator this escalator in ruins after the port acts
there was allowed
explosion sound like breaking glass
send people started screaming and running then I just grab a girls and started running
the two boys were trapped in the grocery store used at store after the Seas the most intense fighting happened here these exclusive photosho the mall ravaged by gunfire explosions and Fire after becoming a battle zone
horses lay down flat if she could on her stomach in just put her hands in her ears and lay there for hours and just motionless and quiet stay alive
local business man up 200 come to the mall to help his brother when he started the Waltons he call to Portia
stretch my hand out a mental hospital run
she just Brentwood
NFL point I thought she was very very brave
what do you say to her to convince her to go with teacher
think she just knew that it was it was a chance to get out
father for yourself she's pretty much the same age is my daughter
im a girl out and learn the two boys that already escape the Waltons now share an intense bong
you know when that when we met him for the first time after the start in a minute just I put my arms around you crying
afamily with the brave little girl and a stranger who came to the rescue
NBC News Nairobi
credible story we're back in just a moment with the big announcement today about one of the most beloved figures of modern times
the Commandant of the US Marine Corps taken unusual step for the first time since the Vietnam War two generals have been relieved of command in this case because of a Taliban attack a coalition
base in Afghanistan last year that resulted in the death of two Marines and the destruction of almost an entire squadron of combat aircraft the Commandant General James Amos took the action because the bass have not been adequately protected
Pope Francis has announce table canonize to office processors on the same day this coming Spring St hood for Pope John Paul the second Pope John the 23rd it's even possible the former Pope Benedict the ceremony in late April
saturday in Pittsburgh in for football fans everywhere LC Greenwood has died he was part of the legendary Steel Curtain defense and he was a quiet giant who stood six foot six
he was a fearsome pass rusher along with Joe green and white white attorney homes made of what was probably the best friend forever LC Greenwood West 67 years old
its been called the field of dreams for collectors and fans of old Chevys we first show you what was left of Ray Lambrecht Chevy dealership in Pierce Nebraska few weeks back now we can report this weekend auction the mall of
ray just couldn't part with the used cars
500 of them somewhere indoors all this time somewhere outside in the elements TopBet of $140
Fox a make up the best brands annual report which not surprisingly ranks the best brands
have foot Apple in the number one position worldwide Coca Cola has dropped from first to third leaving Apple and Google in the top 2 slots
the Apple brand name is value now I close to 100 billion dollars when we come back something wild something
beautiful that might just fall victim to Washington
are final score tonight is about an event that takes place only at this time of year inside Yellowstone National Park intros American families from all over the country
but because of what's happening in Washington right now sadly and someone on believably this year show might be cancelled the story tonight for mendeecees Harris Smith
every fall for you
recalled echoes through the valleys in canyons Yellowstone National Park
hearing the elk is one thing but getting a good look at you in the wilderness not so easy
what boys it worth
Ingles a leading the other males know they should not even think about disturbing their hair
Park visitors like Richard bong bugling elk what is seeing old
Ariat first if you don't know what it is Big Lots Angeles we don't hear that very often
who can help you in Houston where the amp LL
fat people injured by apples before we had a lot of cars damaged so you really have to watch when you exit a building look both ways to not something right in front of a boy
even with the summer family traffic long gone
hard to come by
Julie McKinnon a trip to Yellowstone is an annual ritual friend Marta card
elk bugle eerie sound through the trees
animal quotes
visiting Yellowstone the firms are belief in America as a special place what is the government shutdown over the park
and that's a shame NBC News Yellowstone National Park